---
layout: post
author: vvcarpio
---
Much as I’d like to say you can’t afford me, the truth is I am very affordable, thanks to the competition among photography companies both local and global. And although I could charge lower—you’ve heard it all before, I would do it for free just for the love of it—I keep my rates in line with the competition.

Now, that doesn’t mean I don’t go pro bono. Occasionally I do. I give back. For friends needing help in adorning a project and who would otherwise spend more than what they’d make if they hired me, I show up in full regalia with all my gear just as I would had I been paid as a professional that sometimes I wonder if they feel a tad overwhelmed or I'm a bit overburdened.

Recently, a friend asked if I could take photographs of a local potter for a magazine article she was writing. The artful craft of pottery was unbeknownst to me at the time—pottery can be a disciplined and expensive form of art—so the experience was enlightening and fun. The magazine with the article is out now—you may pick up a copy for free at Thrall Library in Middletown and possibly other libraries and some shop fronts—and you can read it here: <a href="https://www.milfordjournal.com/">https://www.milfordjournal.com/</a>. The article starts on page 8. (In case you are reading this in the future, it’s the Early Winter 2021 issue.)

Yes, I can be selfless and altruistic at times sharing a passion I love. But if you happen to land on a big project with massive dough behind it, I will be more than happy to relieve you of the pressures of appropriating expenditures by taking a big chunk of your change when I offer my services.

Seriously, my friend’s article in my opinion is the best she has written thus far. If you’re looking for positive vibes to brighten your day, I would urge that you read it.
